# Assignment-1
This is my website based on a fictional company calles E-cave. My company will focus on selling gaming products and company merch on our website. This website aims to be an e-commerce. We will sell very exquisite gaming accessories. I want this website to have many categories related to gaming and sell different types of products so that diffrent types of customers will be interested in visiting my website.

For the first part of my code i have created a index.html file for the first page of my website. In this html code, i have created 4 sections each with its own set of codes to represent different elements in the website. The first section that i created was the header section. In this section i planned to do a navigation bar which will be constant for every page in my website. In this section i firstly uploaded my logo that i created for my fictional company. Then i added the different landing pages that i wanted to have, Home, Shop, About and the My Cart. I then changed the look and the positioning of the items in the style.css file. I will be using only 1 style.css file to link all of my html files together. After creating my navigation bar, i went on to create a navigation symbol for when my website is being used on a mobile phone. I imported a icon from fontawesome and put it in my html file, this is a division under header. I then left it for later when i am coding my website's responsiveness. I created my second section named intro. in this section i aimed to create a background image for my website with some advertising words on it to capture the user's attention. In this section i also created a shop now button. I created a 3rd sectional called feature. in this section i aimed to create 6 different images which shows the different types of products my e-commerce store has to offer. These images will not show our products but just the different categories that our e-commerce store will offer. I created my 4th section which is named product1. In this section i wanted to create the popular products that our store has to offer. I created 6 products and styled them. They will later be clickable and will be rei=directed to a page where it shows the price and the ordering options. after this i created my  5th section which is called banner. I simply wanted to add this element to make my website more attractive to users. This banner shows the latest offers offered by our store and below it there is a Explore Now button which will redirect you to the store page later on. for the final section, i created a footer. This footer will be used in all of my html pages later on. I created a simple footer whoch shows the contact information for our store and the oayment options offered by us plus any other miscellaneous items.


